He became people here and I'll show you
in this video
the five locations of the golden boxes
on earth you will find the number one
in the kosmodrom that is, on the whole outer
right edge there is this staircase
up there and then just in here
left around the corner as it stands on sizzling
contains something nice for you where we are
continue with the next box
next golden box is in
the mission celestial power or where
To enter the sky market is tim fashion
complex and after seeing the gym
this just runs up here
you have turned off your opponents
philippina high then you will find the
next golden coast up here in the
corner
a beautiful in it the golden gravel pit 3
offers itself here on the lost coast
stay you go from kosmodrom into one
canyon sideways far and dad along
up to this waterfall the club
cave entrance would have
there you just speak in and on the
left side around the corner is the
golden chain with beautiful content of
next starting point of a gold chain
is located in the cave of the devil
the final boss sown this mission
hope for
I'll show you shortly before this box is
Decorated are just so here
jump down here goes down here
here and there in the corner on ballack
I think the next gold jokes
with the nice content and one missing
one more track and the last one golden
box is also located at the
Forgotten coast and first quasi
just the gorge where we have the crate
Number 3 have further found on the
left side along the coast and
then find the end of this rock
platform here so every five
golden boxes found on the earth
you even get here in this box
once again a new new smartphones
and 90 euros
and yes the crates are missing
moon order on venus and eventually
Look at another planet time
just purely on here
I'm running 3 hello